README.md, before:

# Processor
---
**Processor is a Discord bot developed by Isopropyl#3066 along with several other developers who devote their time to this project.**
## Adding the Bot
To add Processor to your discord server, you can click [this invite link.](https://discord.com/oauth2/authorize?client_id=689678745782714464&scope=bot&permissions=2134338815) You must have the **Manage Server** permission to invite this bot to your desired server.

---

## Getting Started
The prefix for this bot is `pr.`. Type `pr.help` to list all the categories of commands. If you want a specific category of those commands, type `pr.help <categoryName>` for all the commands within the category. You will need to set up the correct permissions for the bot. For your convenience, you may give this bot `Administrator` privileges as its resolves all permission conflicts with the bot.

---

## Top Features 
Processor comes with several fun features that you and your members will appreciate. Here are the most common:
* `meme` Shows a random picture of a meme from Reddit.
* `img [thing]` Shows a random picture of the thing specified, if given.
* `stats [@member]` Shows the stats of the member, otherwise it shows stats of the server.

---

## Image Examples
- ![Help Command](https://media.discordapp.net/attachments/782100726146924584/798812347346583552/unknown.png)
- ![Meme Command](https://media.discordapp.net/attachments/782100726146924584/798813346090450944/unknown.png)
- ![Changeable Prefix](https://media.discordapp.net/attachments/782100726146924584/798813478155452436/unknown.png)

Commit message:

Added instruction on how to change the prefix.

README.md, after:

# Processor
---
**Processor is a Discord bot developed by Isopropyl#3066 along with several other developers who devote their time to this project.**
## Adding the Bot
To add Processor to your discord server, you can click [this invite link.](https://discord.com/oauth2/authorize?client_id=689678745782714464&scope=bot&permissions=2134338815) You must have the **Manage Server** permission to invite this bot to your desired server.

---

## Getting Started
The prefix for this bot is `pr.`. Type `pr.help` to list all the categories of commands. If you wish to change the prefix, you must first have `Manage Server` permissions, or be the person who invited Processor in the first place. If you want to change the prefix, do `pr.prefix {new prefix}`. If you forget what the prefix, just ping the bot `@Processor`. If you want a specific category of those commands, type `pr.help [categoryName]` for all the commands within the category. You will need to set up the correct permissions for the bot. For your convenience, you may give this bot `Administrator` privileges as it resolves all permission conflicts with the bot.

---

## Top Features 
Processor comes with several fun features that you and your members will appreciate. Here are the most common:
* `meme` Shows a random picture of a meme from Reddit.
* `img [thing]` Shows a random picture of the thing specified, if given.
* `stats [@member]` Shows the stats of the member, otherwise it shows stats of the server.

---

## Image Examples
- ![Help Command](https://media.discordapp.net/attachments/782100726146924584/798812347346583552/unknown.png)
- ![Meme Command](https://media.discordapp.net/attachments/782100726146924584/798813346090450944/unknown.png)
- ![Changeable Prefix](https://media.discordapp.net/attachments/782100726146924584/798813478155452436/unknown.png)
